### Changelog
12/22/17: Switch to Flask successful (I think). Will be implementing SQLite3 DB functionality instead of using Flask-Session. TODO: put 
received data into pandas dataframe, then insert dataframe contents into sql table. Create DB file.

12/23/17: Previous day's goals accomplished; POST data is put into pandas dataframes and then inserted into SQLite DB tables accordingly: per_round_data and per_map_data. Also made some preliminary frontend changes to set up for the todo. TODO: Work on front-end; auto-refreshing display page for live match stats? Maybe also work on statistical analysis & visualizations using the ideas above.

12/24/17: Continued to work on front-end. Flask app now can receive 1 of 5 possible, different inputs from the user (last match, today, past 7 days, past month, lifetime). TODO: work on creating a query_db function that queries the database table differently depending on user request.

12/25/17: Today was more testing, gathering data, and refining collection methods. Fixed some data collection bugs by editing check_payload. Also edited DB structure and implemented a clean_db function to remove accidental duplicate data from the SQL table. Decided to delete the per_map_data SQL table; unnecessary. Same TODO as yesterday: work on creating a query_db function that queries the database table differently depending on user request.

12/26/17: Changed Data collection approach: changed 'Time' column back to the default UNIX Timestamps and added a 'gameover' event entry to make it easier to sort by individual matches. Tests for these changes were successful. Also worked on a simple HSR calculation function to call in the various query_db functions. Query_db functions return a 'result' dictionary back to the flask main.py. Basic test to display the calculated HSR for the past 24 hours onto the front-end was successful. TODO: keep working on the query_db functions.

12/26/17 (More): WIP start and end data collection functionality/options available to the user (to make sure the user can start collecting performance data for actual matches, not warmup or retake mode games). Using app.config because the default session module did not carry over to GSHandler. Updated front-end. TODO: work on query_db functions and create a helper function to determine entries where map status == 'gameover', in order to pinpoint individual match data.

12/27/17: Collected 2 matches worth of data, with the 'gameover' event entries to mark the end of matches. Finished and successfully tested query_db_match and query_db_time methods. Will be gathering more data later and testing further to make sure each timeframe analysis works. Also fixed some bugs where some flask variable strings/names were mismatched to those in the HTML templates. TODO: create helper function to separate matches and calculate KDR/KDA/KAS functions.

12/28/17: README.md overhaul. Fixed the clean_db() function to ignore the 'Time' column in the dataframe. Added 'Current Match' option and its function, query_db_current, for analyzing current, live match. TODO: work on separate() and kdr/kda/kas functions.

12/28/17 (More): Finished separate() and worked on kdr_kda() in database.py. Separate() returns a list of dataframes (that are chunks of the original dataframe). Have to work on making sure that correct "original" dataframes are fed into the separate and kdr_kda functions when calculating statistics for the various time filters (i.e. make sure to not feed in the entire SQL table for all of them). TODO: Finish kdr_kda, test separate() and kdr_kda().

12/29/17: Finished and successfully tested kdr_kda(), which uses separate() to determine KADs for each match. Tested with verified correct KDR/KDA values for different time queries. Fixed bug where if no entries have been added recently (i.e. past 24 hours), a corresponding query would raise a NaN to int conversion error. Now, zeroes are returned instead of NaN floats. TODO: front-end button to allow the user to "reset" the current match status (i.e. create a blank 'gameover' entry to manually create a new "current" game). Also start working on the KAS ratio function.

12/30/17: Finished and manually verified results for kas(). Separate() again came in handy for kas(). Fixed bug where if the only entry in the past 24 hours is a reset point, it would crash with the same error as yesterday. Now, if all of the entries in the past ___ time frame are only NaN/None values, it just returns zeroes. Main.py now checks, on 'Reset Match' button press, whether the last entry in the SQL table was also a reset point (i.e. is a new reset point really necesary?). Implemented front-end button for 'reset match'. TODO: start developing the graph-based analytics (w/ probably something simple like matplotlib) and further test the program in all aspects by gathering more data.

12/30/17 (More): While working on matplotlib/graph-analysis functionality, I ran into a bug: an indexerror was raised for the 'past 24 hours' query because for some reason, an if statement that used .iloc[-1] was not being recognized as a valid index value for a dataframe in df_list. Although I have fixed this issue for now by implementing a reset_index whenever separate() is called, I plan to write more possible fixes in case it happens again. Even though I believe .iloc[-1] should be calling the last row of match_df, regardless of .index (match_df ranges from 82-88 when .index is called at the time I am writing this), it still raises an indexerror.

12/31/17: Still using reset_index as a fix; other attempted fixes did not work. Without reset_index, df_list had an empty dataframe
in it that was causing index errors in kdr_kda and kas. I also made a remove_empty df function from df_list in case reset_index fix does not work for other edge cases. Also, fixed error where flask was not automatically updating matplotlib images unless user manually refreshed the page. Fixed this using app.after_request and setting cache life to zero. TODO: make sure the graph function returns a blank image when an invalid query is done (i.e. no matches have been played since last match, no matches in past 24 hours, etc)

12/31/17 (More): More data was collected and successfully tested with. Fixed bug where if there were two 'gameover' entries adjacent to each other in the table and the latter was an endgame or reset point entry the program would crash because it would try to calculate statistics using either 1) an empty df or 2) a df that only had null values. This was fixed by manually deleting the adjacent 'gameover' entries using database.py and preventing it from happening again in the future. Now, whenever GSHandler processes an endgame entry, it checks to make sure the current last entry in the SQL table isn't also a 'gameover' entry before inserting the endgame one. TODO: More testing, gathering data, and working on graph functions (especially for returning blank image when invalid query).

1/1/18. Lots of edits and commits. Created abstraction/wrapper function for calculating all of the statistics. Added the blank graph function. Gathered more player data and tested program with it sucessfully. Added kpr (kills per round) function. Started working on front-end nav tabs for the 3 diff. stats tables: overall, ct, t. TODO: create functions to calculate CT/T side statistics, edit front-end accordingly, and start analyzing pistol rounds. Also, more graphs would be good.

1/2/18: Finished and successfully tested pistol round statistics. Also re-verified the results of kas and kpr functions by manually comparing the statistics with the in-game demo for yesterday's de_cbble game. Edited front-end to accomodate new overall, ct, t tabs and pistol stats for each of them. Worked on some statistics documentation/explanations. TODO: Polish and add new things to documentation. Come up with better ideas for graphs. Get more data and verify program's results.

1/4/18-1/5/18: Fixed some bugs where program would not work if there was little data to calculate with. Implemented cx_Freeze to create executable/installable windows program for CS-Py. Tested successfully with 3 different computers/tests. Wrote docs for installation instructions. Test .msi installer released as v0.1-beta. TODO: Further test CS-Py.exe and maybe do more graphs. Eventually move on to full-screen overlay?
